Update requirements/README.md on why don't use matplotlib 3.0.0 (#3476)
scikit-image/scikit-image: requirements/README.md

## Index

> - [default.txt](default.txt)(#default.txt-reasoning)

Reviewer: This is incorrect markup (at least, it does not render the way I'd expect).

$ pip install -U -r requirements/default.txt
$ pip install -U -r requirements/test.txt
```

## [default.txt-reasoning]default.txt

> matplotlib 3.0.0 is decided against due to this PR https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/3474. The marching cube example on the dev version is not displayed correctly because of a bug from matplotlib version 3.0.0 https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/issues/12239. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
matplotlib 3.0.0 is not used because of a bug that collapses 3D axes (see https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/3474 and https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/issues/12239).  We expect this issue to be resolved in the next matplotlib release.
```
